## Application Form Impulse Boost Camp 2025

#### 1. In what way are you socially active in society? How do you identify yourself as a social change maker?

I am socially active in both my university and community, dedicating my energy and ideas to stimulating collaboration, innovation, and personal growth. As the President of the Student-Scientific Council of the IT Faculty, I have extensive experience contributing to academic and non-academic initiatives, creating an environment where motivated students and skilled professors can connect. I consider it my goal, to make a supportive and comfortable environment for motivated students and skilled lecturers to collaborate. This often results in impactful research projects and events, such as seminars covering a broad range of relevant and thought-provoking topics, designed to encourage learning and engagement.

Beyond the university, I have actively participated in numerous events, seminars, and workshops focused on leadership, coaching, and teaching. These experiences have significantly broadened my perspective. Through these roles, I attempt to inspire others and communicate with people in order to show them vast opportunities available for making meaningful contributions to society.

##### 2. IBC is shaped by the active contribution of our participants. There will be workshop slots to share the best practices of your work, to present a case for a collective conflict-resolution session, to offer free-time activities, to share your favorite method or to host a conversation about a topic that is of great interest to you. Also, there are different tasks to be taken over by participants in order to maintain the well-being of the group and our space. How do you see yourself contributing to the seminar?

I can host engaging conversations on different topics, aligned with the program's objectives. After analyzing the program’s goals, I believe the following topics would be particularly relevant to present: “Youth Leadership. How to engage community”, “Effective Team Communication in Activism” and “Preventing Burnout in Activism: Strategies for Stress Management.” These sessions would draw from my hands-on experiences in leadership, coaching, and teaching workshops, offering practical insights and enhancing meaningful discussions. 

Finally, I would happily take on tasks to support the group’s well-being, whether through logistics, maintaining a positive atmosphere, or offering emotional support. I look forward to learning from and contributing to this enriching experience!

Moreover, I enjoy organizing free-time activities that spark creativity and relaxation, such as brainstorming games or team-building challenges, to help participants unwind and connect. 

#### 3. What do you hope to learn at Impulse Boost Camp? Please state your motivation for your participation in the Camp.

I believe this initiative presents an excellent opportunity for me to deepen my engagement in volunteering for societal purposes. At the Impulse Boost Camp, I aim to learn innovative tools and methods to boost my work in activism and voluntary initiatives. Specifically, I am eager to gain deeper insights into team communication and strategies for volunteering, as these skills are essential for leading meaningful projects and fostering effective collaboration either in career or in participating in social activities.
I am particularly drawn to the Art of Hosting framework, as it aligns with my goal of creating inclusive environments that inspire engagement and mutual learning. I am confident that the knowledge and experiences gained through this program will not only enhance my personal and professional development but also empower me to contribute more effectively to the causes I am passionate about.

##### 4. How and where do you want to implement your freshly gained knowledge after the program? Which people or projects would profit from your participation?

I am planning to participate in a semester-long exchange program, and engaging in shorter programs like this will provide valuable insights and enhance my awareness of such opportunities. Additionally, the experiences I gain will contribute significantly to my personal and professional growth. I plan to integrate these insights into my future career and a side hobby I am passionate about—teaching at an organization dedicated to helping teenagers discover their professional orientation and develop clear career paths.
Furthermore, I am interested to collaborate with individuals, regardless of their nationality or religion, to gain mutual understanding and contribute to enhancing social awareness. I believe that such cross-cultural exchanges play a crucial role in promoting inclusivity, empathy, and innovative solutions to shared challenges, which are essential for building a more harmonious and informed global society.

##### 5. How are you positioned socially? This question is meant to give you the opportunity to reflect on your societal position. It focuses on the experiences you may have in relation to discrimination or privilege, which can be shaped by factors like gender, ethnicity, education, economic background, or disability. The goal is to better understand the perspectives and experiences you bring.

Actually, my previous answers contain the whole point of the answer I am going to provide. But, however I believe that there is an idea that i have to mention. As someone who aims to work toward inclusivity and equity, I understand the importance of acknowledging societal power structures, such as gender, ethnicity, and economic status, and the impact these can have on one's life and opportunities. From my previous experience, I aim to contribute to breaking down these barriers, promote fairness, and provide opportunities for those who might otherwise be overlooked. My goal is to create spaces where everyone, regardless of their background, has the chance to thrive and contribute meaningfully to society.

##### 6. To which Sustainable Development Goal(s) does your work fit?

From my answers, it can be implied that my work is related to education, inclusivity, leadership, and community engagement. These are the goals: Goal 4: Quality Education (because my work involves teaching or helping others access knowledge) Goal 16: Peace, Justice, and Strong Institutions (my work includes community-building or fostering collaboration) Goal 17: Partnerships for the Goals (I engage in networking and collaboration across diverse groups) Additionally, I would like to add "Goal. 10 - Reduced Inequalities", for which i would work eagerly.

##### 7. Please share links to website or social media channels of your projects and activities, if possible. 

While I am not highly active on social media, I focus on direct engagement in my university and community initiatives. Most of my contributions are within academic and organizational settings, which are not always publicly visible. I consider joining this program a good chance to make my activities more public. However, I can provide my LinkedIn profile, where some information about my activity is shown. Here is the link...


##### 8. Please list any community service activities that you have completed or currently engage in that may be relevant to your Global UGRAD application. 

Being the President of the Student-Scientific Council of the IT Faculty, my aim has been motivating students to connect with each other and with the lecturers. The consequence of such collaboration was the organization of several seminars, which embrace a wide range of topics from professional to non-academic themes. Such activities are targeted at building a supportive and inclusive environment for motivated students and skilled lecturers who can work together on projects that matter. 
  
In addition to my university work, I have attended seminars on leadership, coaching, and teaching in attempts to motivate others to realize opportunities to contribute to human development. I am dedicated to the values of inclusivity and fairness. I actively work toward removinging barriers in gender, ethnicity, and economic status through opportunity and platform provision that offers a voice to underrepresented individuals. My experiences have positioned me to engage different viewpoints and advance equity by nurturing environments where all people, especially those of diverse backgrounds, thrive and contribute significantly in their communities.  

Being the President of the Student-Scientific Council of the IT Faculty, my aim is to encourage students to collaborate with each other and with the lecturers. Such actions resulted in multiple projects and seminars.                                       
##### 9. Describe a leader in your community who you admire and how they serve the community around them. Why do you admire them? How have they influenced your own leadership style? How do they influence how you want to give back to your community?

"Grandpa, I will continue your journey." This is the promise that I made to myself when I was a child. Though very little time was given to him to rejoice in his first grandchild, it was enough to be always preserved in my mind.

He was an outstanding physicist, a lecturer at the National Polytechnic University of Armenia, a pilot, and, what is essential, an incredible person to be inspired by. His research in engineering, and teaching approaches were exceptional, inspiring not only for his students but also for a young child who, despite fully understanding those graphs and formulas, was fascinated by the world of STEM. Later, that emotional experience and curiosity not only influenced my choice of career path as a computer scientist but also shaped a dream to spread my knowledge. Since then it has been my goal to become not only a lecturer but also a supportive mentor for those who need guidance.

However, academic knowledge is not the only memory that stays with me. He did everything in his power to break down barriers of violence and aggression during horrifying times when our country was involved in armed conflict. He sacrificed his life while transporting doctors on his plane to the border, where armed conflict was taking place. Unfortunately, his plane crashed into a mountain. His only hope was that the next generations would never experience the devastation of war and the chaos of conflicts. He always envisioned a world where there is no gap between countries and races, the poor and the rich, where inequality, horrors of destruction, and devastation are no longer a reality for anyone. Later, that vision took deep roots in my mindset and shaped the person that I am now. I believe that the vision of the world we once dreamed of is becoming closer day by day. 

I promised myself to study harder and smarter and perform the best of my abilities in the field that I had chosen long ago. And I consider it my legacy to strive down the barriers of division, whether they are based on nationality, gender, or socio-economic status. Through my actions, I aim to foster collaborations with those who seek assistance. Becoming the head of the Student-Scientific Council at the IT faculty helped me to realize my ideas. I have been trying my best to create a comfortable environment for students to bring their ideas to life, hold events, and cooperate with lecturers. Such actions resulted in different, whereas relevant conferences and research projects. In perspective of inclusivity, I included in those projects and events not only permanent local students of the European University of Armenia but also exchange program students and students that came to study at our university from abroad. Communication with students from abroad, on one side, enhanced the speaking skills of all of us, and on the other side, broadened the worldview of those who never imagined the incredible beauty of individualities. And as a representative of the second-year students, I am always open to any questions regarding both academic issues and non-academic ones. Having a wide network of acquaintances is great without any doubt. However, finding good old friends in the most unexpected seminars and conferences is far more captivating. The joy of reconnecting and sharing stories of the journeys that brought us to where we are today is inexpressible.

I am optimistic that my abilities, mindset, and approach to academic and social life align with this program. I am excited about the opportunity to bring my ideas and aspirations to life through this program and to grow from this incredible experience. I look forward to the opportunity to be part of your program!


##### 10. The Global UGRAD Program is for young leaders committed to serving their home communities. In the space below, please describe why you would be an excellent candidate for the Global UGRAD Program.

My journey started long before I was accepted into one of the international universities of Armenia, when I had started searching several video courses on Computer Science and listened to multiple podcasts featuring professionals sharing their experiences in this expansive field. I was fascinated not just by their expertise but also by the different teaching approaches they implemented. Even though they covered the same topic, their ways of explaining were completely diverse, emphasizing how crucial it is to be flexible in making complex ideas accessible to people with different mindsets.   
    
I still remember the technique I used during my school years to learn lengthy paragraphs from various subjects, whether they were connected to my future major or not. I would imagine myself standing in front of the class, with the teacher and some of my classmates attentively watching me. Against expectations, that thought never made me anxious. Instead, I wanted to captivate their attention and demonstrate the depth within the subject and make them as interested as I was. Anyways, that was a hard goal to achieve in real life, but I managed to learn quicker than I used to before. This practice not only deepened my engagement with the subject but also helped me achieve a more detailed understanding of the material. After using that method during classes, I was impressed by the result it gave. Day by day, on one side, my teachers were more and more satisfied with my progress, and on the other side, the engagement of my classmates started to increase rapidly. Later, during my student years, I was given a great chance to enhance my mentoring skills when I began working as a private tutor, teaching English and Russian from scratch. That was a great chance for me to enhance my mentoring skills and practice a lot of teaching methods in my work. That helped me understand the psychology of children and the mechanism of learning.

My commitment to serving society extends beyond my teaching initiatives. After demonstrating high academic performance and participating in many cultural events and volunteering works outside of university, I was noticed by my Dean and the head of the IT faculty.After one year of active student life, I was elected as the president of the Student-Scientific Council of the IT faculty, a role that gave me numerous opportunities to bring to life many of my ideas. And more importantly, it gave me a chance to spread the supportive and inclusive atmosphere while fostering collaboration among students and lecturers. These actions resulted in various relevant initiatives, such as academic conferences, seminars, and more innovative projects that were new to our university. One such initiative was the creation of foreign language study clubs, where local students could enhance their speaking skills with the help of foreign exchange program students, who shared their stories and expertise. These clubs not only helped integrate foreign students into university life but also strengthened cultural exchange and understanding among participants. My activities were aligned with the wish to collapse barriers between countries, nations, races, and religions.

All the passion I carry, the energy I invest in my work, and the initiatives I undertake are driven by a promise I have made to myself—to build a world free from despair, conflicts, and aggression. A world where diversities are celebrated as individualities, fostering unity and understanding. I strongly believe that the Global UGRAD program will connect me with like-minded individuals who share similar motivations and aspirations.

##### 11.Why do you want to take part? Briefly describe your motivation.(Social Justice sem)

In addition to my university work, I have always attended seminars on leadership, coaching, and teaching in attempts to motivate others to realize opportunities to contribute to human development. I am dedicated to the values of inclusivity and fairness. I actively work toward removinging barriers in gender, ethnicity, and economic status through opportunity and platform provision that offers a voice to underrepresented individuals. My experiences have positioned me to engage different viewpoints and advance equity by nurturing environments where all people, especially those of diverse backgrounds, thrive and contribute significantly in their communities. 

In addition to increasing my understanding of the subject of "Social Justice," I think this chance will provide me with useful strategies for dealing with issues such as gender, nationality, and socio-economic inequality. I can't wait to participate in insightful conversations, learn from peers and professionals, and, most importantly, implement them in my community, country, and university.

##### 12. Describe the target group(s) you usually work with .

As mentioned above, as the Student-Scientific Council, my aim is to give skilled students a chance to demonstrate their abilities during seminars and workshops. By participating in such events, on one hand, less experienced students can build a wide web of connections among their skilled peers and lecturers; on the other hand, it provides them with valuable experience that they will surely implement in the future. 
As a volunteer at a youth-focused development organization, my goal is to make an inclusive environment for those who are limited in their opportunities to obtain valuable education in their areas, face socio-economic challenges in accessing international programmes, and, despite their restricted abilities, have the passion and motivation to break through barriers.


##### 13. What type of activities do you / does your organisation work on?

Currently, I am volunteering at Your Opportunities Club NGO (https://www.facebook.com/YouthOpportunitiesClubArm/) as an active member involved in organizing workshops, training sessions, and cultural exchange programs. This initiatives are aimed to empower young people from rural areas, who have limited access to the vibrant opportunities given in urban locations. This NGO  emphasizes a hands-on, learning-by-doing approach and focuses on the communities needed in more Practical Education in order to tackle the lack of the practice and provide experienced access to the education of the youth. 

As a person who took graphic design courses as second specialisation I am also doing my volunteering work in graphic design team of YOC. My responsibilities include post-making, designing promotional materials, like advertisement posters , and ensuring that our content effectively communicates with the target audience.

I also spend part of my spare time teaching as a private tutor of English and Russian. I work with schoolchildren, teaching both languages from the basics, as well as providing training for high schoolers preparing to apply to colleges.



##### 14. Tell us a little about yourself. 

Making an impact often begins with a spark of curiosity. For me, everything started with a desire to make changes.
My journey started long before I was accepted into one of the international universities of Armenia when I started searching several video courses on Computer Science and listened to multiple podcasts featuring professionals sharing their experiences in this expansive field. I was fascinated not just by their expertise but also by the different teaching approaches they implemented. Even though they covered the same topic, their ways of explaining were completely diverse, underlining how important it is to be flexible in making complex ideas accessible to people with different mindsets.
I still remember the technique I used during my school years to learn lengthy paragraphs from various subjects, whether they were connected to my future major or not. I would imagine myself standing in front of the class, with the teacher and some of my classmates attentively watching me. Against expectations, that thought never made me anxious. Instead, I wanted to captivate their attention and demonstrate the depth of the subject, and make them as interested as I was. Anyway, that was a hard goal to achieve in real life, but I managed to learn quicker than I used to before. This practice not only deepened my engagement with the subject but also helped me achieve a more detailed understanding of the material. After using that method during classes, I was impressed by its results. Day by day, on one side, my teachers were more and more satisfied with my progress, and on the other side, the engagement of my classmates started to increase rapidly. Later, during my student years, I was given a great chance to enhance my mentoring skills when I began working as a private tutor, teaching English and Russian from scratch. That was a great chance for me to improve my mentoring skills and practice many teaching methods in my work. That helped me understand the psychology of children and the mechanism of learning.
My commitment to serving society extends beyond my teaching initiatives. After demonstrating high academic performance and participation in many cultural events and volunteering work outside of the university, I was noticed by my Dean and the head of the IT faculty. After one year of active student life, I was elected as the president of the Student-Scientific Council of the IT faculty, a role that gave me numerous opportunities to bring to life many of my ideas. More importantly, it gave me a chance to spread a supportive and inclusive atmosphere while nurturing collaboration among students and lecturers. These actions resulted in various relevant initiatives, including academic conferences, seminars, and more innovative projects that were unique to our university. One such initiative was the creation of foreign language study clubs, where local students could improve their speaking skills with the help of exchange program participants, who shared their experience. These clubs not only helped integrate foreign students into university life but also strengthened cultural exchange and understanding among participants. My activities were aligned with the wish to collapse barriers between countries, nations, races, and religions.
Driven by a promise I have given to myself—to create a world free from despair, conflicts, and aggression—all the enthusiasm I carry, the energy I devote to my job, and the projects I undertake reflect this promise. A society where diversities are embraced as unique traits, boosting unity and understanding, so that nothing stands in the way of learning and growth.


##### 15. After the Training Course, participants are expected to implement and test the Quality Assurance Model (one or more of its five Areas) in their daily work by June 2025. Will you be able to take on this responsibility? Will your organisation support you in the process?

I am confident that I have multiple areas in which I can implement the Quality Assurance Model. Given my roles and the work I am already doing, I am well-positioned to incorporate one or more of its five areas into my daily tasks. My role at the university involves integrating new teaching methods and strategies to enhance our institution’s ranking. Additionally, I am certain that my volunteering organization will fully support me throughout this process, as it aligns with our shared commitment to continuous improvement and providing high-quality educational opportunities.
Therefore, I am fully prepared and committed to taking on the responsibility of implementing the Quality Assurance Model.

